Come, brother Jiang Mian, I'll feed you.
No, I can eat it myself.
If you are not in good health, if I don’t feed you, who will feed you?
No matter what you look at, it's all mine.
I won’t give up what I need to grab, that’s all.
My sister-in-law is really convinced.
I have such a good husband as Brother Jiang Mian.
If I were you, I would be worried about people outside taking it away all the time.
After all, she looks better than my sister-in-law on the outside.
She has a much better figure than my sister-in-law.
I slept so soundly.
Well, if you don’t eat this,
Can you give it to me?
Who is it?
Mrs. Too Young
What on earth is Miss Huo so lazy about?
The Huo family and the Jiang family were family friends.
Miss Huo and Master Sun
I've been friends since childhood
childhood sweethearts
Miss Huo and Master Sun
We were originally engaged
But the Huo family believes that
Master Sun is not in good health
I don’t want to let Miss Huo marry me.
The two families have lost contact with each other in recent years.
I even heard that the Huo family has constant financial problems.
Then why is she here?
We don't know this
Master Sun found it
The Huo family has not had the support of the Jiang family in recent years.
Business plummeted
There are rumors outside that
Huo's may go bankrupt at any time
Then she comes to our house
Is the Jiang family here for money?
This is not clear
But it was found
Before he left for the Jiang family
There is an extra amount of money in the account
The remittance is three small coins
Looks like he wants to take advantage of him
Break us up
I wasn't afraid at the time
Just don't know
My wife outside
she is ready to leave